Implement `WaitForTermination` deletion policy (#1444)
fluxcd/kustomize-controller: docs/spec/v1/kustomizations.md

  `true` and orphaned if `false`.
- `Delete` - Ensure the managed resources are deleted before the Kustomization
   is deleted.
- `WaitForTermination` - Ensure the managed resources are deleted and wait for
  termination before the Kustomization is deleted.
- `Orphan` - Leave the managed resources when the Kustomization is deleted.

The `WaitForTermination` deletion policy blocks and waits for the managed
resources to be removed from etcd by the Kubernetes garbage collector.
The wait time is determined by the `.spec.timeout` field. If a timeout occurs,
the controller will log an error and will allow the Kustomization to be

> deleted while the managed resources will be left in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deleted. In this case, the Kubernetes garbage collector will continue to delete the resources in parallel.
```
